
TwoBaseTen Privacy Policy

Privacy Policy

Effective date: May 31, 2020

Giddyonics LLC created and maintains the TwoBaseTen mobile application (hereinafter referred to as the “App”).

This page informs you of Giddyonics’ policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal data when you use the App.

Definitions

App: — App is the TwoBaseTen mobile application created and operated by Giddyonics LLC

Cookies —  Cookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).

Personal Data — Personal Data means data about an individual who can be identified  from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).

Usage Data — Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the App or from the App infrastructure itself.

Information Collection and Use

The App does not collect Personal Data or set Cookies.  Accordingly, Giddyonics does not retain nor use such data.  

Usage Data is completely anonymous and provided to Giddyonics by Apple. This Usage Data collection is optional; users must agree to it through Apple. For more information on Usage Data, please contact Apple.

Links to Other Sites

The App may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third-party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:

By email: contact@giddyonics.com
